---
layout: post
title: "Timmy's wake up routine"
author: Bum Kim
---

Wake up routine

Timmy goes to bed at 11pm. His alarm goes off at 7am. Timmy has always struggled
to get out of bed, but today was going to be different. He had an elaborate plan
that would force him awake this time. 

His alarm is ringing even louder now as he pats his bedside table to find his
phone to turn off his alarm. He realizes that it’s not on his bedside table,
even though it sounded like the alarm was buzzing right next to him. He’s barely
awake, but awake enough to sort of remember that he had hooked up his phone’s
alarm to some Bluetooth speakers that he mounted on the wall right above his
head. He grabs the speaker and presses the power button to turn it off. It
doesn’t work, so he pushes it again for longer this time. It still doesn’t work,
so he tries to push the button to lower the volume. None of the buttons work.

Apparently, he had figured out how to disable the physical buttons the night
before. He ignores the alarm and tries to go back to sleep for a few seconds,
but the music gets louder and it starts to hurt his ears. He decides to go to
his phone to turn off his alarm, which he now remembered was in the living room.
He drags one of his legs out of the covers and off of the bed while keeping his
entire upper body on the bed. Eyes still shut, he remembers that he had spread a
bunch of Lego pieces all over the floor, so that he would step on them and be
jolted awake by the pain. Timmy retracts his leg back onto the bed and puts that
leg on top of the comforter while his other leg remains under the comforter. He
now has half of his body covered by the comforter. He pinches the lower part of
the comforter with his legs and grabs the upper part of the comforter with his
hands. He then rolls to the other side of his bed, so that he’s now wrapped like
a burrito. Eyes still closed, he bites the edge of the comforter that he just
got to, so that he can roll back to the other side without unfurling his
burrito. This time he doesn’t stop at the edge. He continues to roll until he
rolls right off the bed and onto the floor. The impact doesn’t affect him. He’s
done this a million times before. In fact, he continues to roll once he hits the
ground, but lets go of the comforter so that it unrolls to the end of the Lego
minefield.

He slowly stands up, head leaning forward, eyes ajar, and grips the door knob.
He thinks for a moment that maybe he had set up the door knob to electrocute
him, but it doesn’t. He attempts to twist the door knob, but it doesn’t twist.
He had modified his door knob to lock from the outside and he had left himself a
lock picking set right under the door. Timmy picks up the lock picking set and
gets the door open in under 10 seconds. Still barely awake, he stands at the
door for a second. He sees a small bucket of ice water drop in front of him.
Apparently, Timmy from the past hadn’t taken into account how he would still be
half asleep at this point. Timmy starts walking through the door and he feels
the tug of a loose wire on his foot. He takes a big step back and lets an even
bigger bucket of ice fall in front of him. Timmy walks through the door again
with his eyes still only slightly open. 

At this point, his alarm is so loud that it’s making his whole apartment rattle.
He pays no attention to it as he walks down the hall to his living room. He
searches for his phone, but he can’t find it anywhere. “Oh shit”, he thinks,
“that was last week.” He walks to the kitchen and opens the fridge. There is a
single carton of orange juice on the top shelf and a pre-made breakfast one
shelf lower that Timmy could just microwave. Sitting on top of that plate of
breakfast covered in plastic wrap was his phone. Timmy reaches into the fridge
to grab the plate. As he pulls the plate out, the phone slips off of the plate.
One of the phone’s corners hits the base of the fridge, bounces off, and falls
flat on the floor, screen side facing the floor. His alarm finally turns off and
his ears stop oozing blood out. Breakfast plate in hand, Timmy stands there for
a moment. He ponders whether he might have a sleeping disorder for a moment.
“Too much thinking”, he thinks. He puts the plate back in the fridge and walks
back to his room. He walks across the comforter that’s padding the Lego pieces.
He lays down on his bed, reaches to grab his comforter, pulls it over him, and
goes back to sleep.
